"Why should I scan in the pipeline if you're running centralized scans?"
 
 
Shift-left.
 
Better that you know about it yourself before you get on somebody's bad list.
 
"linting isn't enough" 
 
we need some bad/wrong answers
 
"so keith has more snyk logs to read to his kids at bedtime"
 
Alice runs a small online retail company; many of her customers are from the United States. Currently, she accepts only blockchain-based payment, but she is considering the use of credit cards. After investigating Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) requirements, she decides that the cost of compliance would outweigh the additional revenue. Which of the following best describes this decision?

A. Social engineering
B. PCI DSS Merchant Level 3
C. Card verification value (CVV)
D. Risk Avoidance

D
 
 
The business impact analysis (BIA) should consider all of the following except:
A. The value of the organization’s assets
B. Industry standards
C. Threats specific to the organization
D. The likelihood of loss
 
 B
 
The _______ is the length of time an organization can suffer the loss of its critical path before ceasing to be a viable enterprise.
A. recovery time objective (RTO)
B. recovery point objective (RPO)
C. maximum allowable downtime (MAD)
D. annual loss expectancy (ALE)

C




Here are a bunch of questions - use whatever you like! Let me know if you need any more help with the game. 
Question: What is the principle of maintaining data confidentiality and privacy even if the data is stored in a third-party cloud service?
      Answer: Zero Trust Security Model.
Question: In the context of cybersecurity governance, what does the acronym "RBAC" stand for?
      Answer: Role-Based Access Control.
Question: How many medals did the USA win in Paris Olympics? 
      Answer: At the 2024 Paris Olympics, the United States topped the medal count with an impressive total of 126 medals. This included 40 gold, 44 silver, and 42 bronze medals, marking one of Team USA's best performances in recent        history
Question: What encryption technique is commonly used to secure data in transit between a user's device and a cloud service?
      Answer: Transport Layer Security (TLS) or Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
Question: What is Comcast's solution called for certificate management?
      Answer: xPKI
Question: Which operating system went out of life in 2024?
      Answer: CentOS 7 
Question: What is Comcast's new approved code scanning tool called? 
      Answer: Snyk 
Question: What does TPSA stand for? 
      Answer: Third Party Security Assurance 
   9.Question: Which Philadelphia Phillies player currently leads the team in home runs in the 2024 season? 
      Answer: Kyle Schwarber other choices(Bryce Harper, Nick Castellanos, Trea Turner)
   10. Question: Which company designed the Philadelphia Phillies new logo as part of their 2024 "City Connect" uniform series? 
      Answer: Nike other choices could be (Adidas, Reebok, and Fanatics)
